Create security policy file (SECURITY.md) (#5041)
OpenIndiana/oi-userland: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

The OpenIndiana project commits to providing fixes or mitigations to each
and every security vulnerabilities in software we provide. List of source

> code repositories of software we develop is to be found at https://github.com/OpenIndiana/.

Reviewer: Should we use direct link to github or https://docs.openindiana.org/dev/building-openindiana/#source-repositories (as last link contains also software description)?

Note that most of the software we deliver is developed independently and
we merely distribute it. As such original software author should be made
aware about a potential security issue.

Priority with which we handle security issues is based on severity of the issue.

OpenIndiana is a rolling release distribution and has only one maintained branch
called `hipster`. Other (historical) branches are not supported.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> To report a security issue, please send an email to security@openindiana.org.

Author: Something like this @AndWac?
```suggestion
If you are aware of a security vulnerability in software delivered by the OpenIndiana project, please send us an email to security@openindiana.org. Thank you!
```

Reviewer: I don't see this change in final PR.
